Prevagen. Healthier Brain. Better Life.
Better Life. >>> WELCOME BACK.
>>> WELCOME BACK. HERE IS SOMETHING WE’RE PRETTY
HERE IS SOMETHING WE’RE PRETTY SURE WE KNOW.
SURE WE KNOW. BETO O’ ROURKE WILL RETURN FOR
BETO O’ ROURKE WILL RETURN FOR PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. HERE IS SOMETHING WE DON’T KNOW,
HERE IS SOMETHING WE DON’T KNOW, WHAT WILL THE PRESIDENCY LOOK
WHAT WILL THE PRESIDENCY LOOK LIKE.
LIKE. GROIF A HEADED TO IOWA.
GROIF A HEADED TO IOWA. THEY WILL TELL YOU HE’S THE GUY
THEY WILL TELL YOU HE’S THE GUY THAT ALMOST TOOK DOWN TED CRUZ.
THAT ALMOST TOOK DOWN TED CRUZ. ASK WHAT HE STANDS FOR AND
ASK WHAT HE STANDS FOR AND THEY’LL TELL YOU HE’S THE GUY
THEY’LL TELL YOU HE’S THE GUY THAT TOOK DOWN TED CRUZ.
THAT TOOK DOWN TED CRUZ. JOINING ME NOW IS ABBY LIVINGTON
JOINING ME NOW IS ABBY LIVINGTON AND SPENT A TON OF TIME COVERING
AND SPENT A TON OF TIME COVERING BETO O’ ROURKE NOT JUST DURING
BETO O’ ROURKE NOT JUST DURING THE CAMPAIGN BUT HIS ENTIRE RUN.
THE CAMPAIGN BUT HIS ENTIRE RUN. FIRST OF ALL, GARRETT, WHERE ARE
FIRST OF ALL, GARRETT, WHERE ARE WE?
WE? WHAT CAN YOU TELL US ABOUT THIS
WHAT CAN YOU TELL US ABOUT THIS CAMPAIGN?
CAMPAIGN? >> THEY’RE STILL PUTTING THE
>> THEY’RE STILL PUTTING THE PIECES TOGETHER.
PIECES TOGETHER. HE MADE UP HIS MIND BEFORE THE
HE MADE UP HIS MIND BEFORE THE END OF FEBRUARY.
END OF FEBRUARY. THEY ARE TAKING ALL THE STEPS
THEY ARE TAKING ALL THE STEPS YOU WOULD TAKE TO GET TO THIS
YOU WOULD TAKE TO GET TO THIS POINT.
POINT. THEY ARE BUILDING THIS CAMPAIGN
THEY ARE BUILDING THIS CAMPAIGN FROM SCRATCH.
FROM SCRATCH. THEY JUST DIDN’T HAVE THE
THEY JUST DIDN’T HAVE THE PIECES.
PIECES. >> THIS IS ABOUT PUTTING THE
>> THIS IS ABOUT PUTTING THE CAMPAIGN AND WHEN IT’S READY TO
CAMPAIGN AND WHEN IT’S READY TO GO THEN HE ANNOUNCES TYPE OF
GO THEN HE ANNOUNCES TYPE OF THING.
THING. THEY WANT TO GO WHEN THEY ARE
THEY WANT TO GO WHEN THEY ARE READY TO GO.
READY TO GO. >> YOU’VE BEEN WATCHING HIM SIX
>> YOU’VE BEEN WATCHING HIM SIX YEARS.
YEARS. IS THIS HIS M.O.?
IS THIS HIS M.O.? >> PRETTY MUCH.
>> PRETTY MUCH. I WOULD SAY THE SENATE CAMPAIGN
I WOULD SAY THE SENATE CAMPAIGN HE BROKE ALL THE RULES OF
HE BROKE ALL THE RULES OF POLITICS.
POLITICS. THAT’S PART OF WHY HE DID SO
THAT’S PART OF WHY HE DID SO WELL.
WELL. ONE OF THE BEST THREATS HE WILL
ONE OF THE BEST THREATS HE WILL BRING IS THIS GUY DID A STUMP
BRING IS THIS GUY DID A STUMP SPEECH OVER AND OVER ACROSS THE
SPEECH OVER AND OVER ACROSS THE ENTIRE STATE.
ENTIRE STATE. >> SAME ONE?
>> SAME ONE? >> IT WAS PRETTY -- IT WOULD
>> IT WAS PRETTY -- IT WOULD CHANGE SOME BUT ALL PRESIDENTIAL
CHANGE SOME BUT ALL PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES, DEVELOPS.
CANDIDATES, DEVELOPS. IT’S A GROWTH PROCESS.
IT’S A GROWTH PROCESS. >> TRUMP AND SANDERS RE-WROTE
>> TRUMP AND SANDERS RE-WROTE THAT.
THAT. THEY AD LIBBED MORE.
THEY AD LIBBED MORE. >> FAIR.
>> FAIR. ONE OF THE SPOTS TO WATCH IS
ONE OF THE SPOTS TO WATCH IS WHEN THE DEBATE STARTS.
WHEN THE DEBATE STARTS. I THINK THAT’S THE KEY MOMENT
I THINK THAT’S THE KEY MOMENT I’LL BE WATCHING FOR IS THE
I’LL BE WATCHING FOR IS THE DEBATES.
DEBATES. >> WHAT LANE DO YOU PUT HIM IN.
>> WHAT LANE DO YOU PUT HIM IN. IS HE A TRUE BLUE PROGRESSIVE?
IS HE A TRUE BLUE PROGRESSIVE? HE SEEMS TO BE A RECORD THAT
HE SEEMS TO BE A RECORD THAT PROVES HE’S A CENTURIST.
PROVES HE’S A CENTURIST. WHAT IS HE?
WHAT IS HE? >> I THINK HE’S WHAT PEOPLE WANT
>> I THINK HE’S WHAT PEOPLE WANT TO SEE.
TO SEE. IT REMINDS ME OF OBAMA ’07.
IT REMINDS ME OF OBAMA ’07. THERE’S A LOT OF KA RISCHARISMA
THERE’S A LOT OF KA RISCHARISMA LACKING ON THIS CAMPAIGN.
LACKING ON THIS CAMPAIGN. YOU CAN FEEL THE GROUND SHAKE AS
YOU CAN FEEL THE GROUND SHAKE AS HE COMES IN A WAY THAT WAS
HE COMES IN A WAY THAT WAS DIFFERENT THAN PREVIOUS
DIFFERENT THAN PREVIOUS CANDIDATES ENTERING.
CANDIDATES ENTERING. >> DID YOU FEEL LIKE YOU WERE
>> DID YOU FEEL LIKE YOU WERE COVERING A PRESIDENTIAL WHEN YOU
COVERING A PRESIDENTIAL WHEN YOU WENT DOWN THERE?
WENT DOWN THERE? I GOT THE SENSE YOU WERE -- YOU
I GOT THE SENSE YOU WERE -- YOU HEARD THE HYPE AND WENT WELL,
HEARD THE HYPE AND WENT WELL, ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT. YOU WERE SKEPTICAL.
YOU WERE SKEPTICAL. YOU’RE A DALLAS BOY.
YOU’RE A DALLAS BOY. >> I WAS HEARING THE IDEA THAT
>> I WAS HEARING THE IDEA THAT SOMEONE WILL TURN TEXAS BLUE MY
SOMEONE WILL TURN TEXAS BLUE MY POLITICAL LIFE.
POLITICAL LIFE. I DIDN’T BELIEVE IT.
I DIDN’T BELIEVE IT. THE SECOND DAY I WAS DOWN THERE
THE SECOND DAY I WAS DOWN THERE THEY HAD A RALLY IN LUBBOCK,
THEY HAD A RALLY IN LUBBOCK, TEXAS.
TEXAS. HOME OF TEXAS TECH AND THERE WAS
HOME OF TEXAS TECH AND THERE WAS 1500 PEOPLE THERE.
1500 PEOPLE THERE. IT’S WHO YOU WOULD EXPECT.
IT’S WHO YOU WOULD EXPECT. MOSTLY YOUNGER PEOPLE.
MOSTLY YOUNGER PEOPLE. THIS GUY CAN DRAW A CROWD.
THIS GUY CAN DRAW A CROWD. HE’S NOT SPECIFIC.
HE’S NOT SPECIFIC. HE’S A BIT OF A CIPHER.
HE’S A BIT OF A CIPHER. I’M WITH ABBY ON THIS.
I’M WITH ABBY ON THIS. WHEN HE STARTS TO TALK TALKING
WHEN HE STARTS TO TALK TALKING ABOUT SPECIFICS IS WHEN HE WILL
ABOUT SPECIFICS IS WHEN HE WILL TRIP.
TRIP. HE HAS THE ADVANTAGE OF NOT
HE HAS THE ADVANTAGE OF NOT HAVING A DAY JOB.
HAVING A DAY JOB. HE CAN BE WORKING RETAIL, WHICH
HE CAN BE WORKING RETAIL, WHICH IS WHAT HE DOES BEST, BAYDAY AFT
IS WHAT HE DOES BEST, BAYDAY AFT DAY.
DAY. >> THERE’S A REASON HE DOESN’T
>> THERE’S A REASON HE DOESN’T HAVE TO HAVE A DAY JOB NOW AND
HAVE TO HAVE A DAY JOB NOW AND WHAT IS THAT REASON?
WHAT IS THAT REASON? >> HE’S EXTREMELY WELL TLIALTHYW
>> HE’S EXTREMELY WELL TLIALTHYW HE COMES FROM A WELL KNOWN
HE COMES FROM A WELL KNOWN POLITICAL FAMILY IN EL PASO.
POLITICAL FAMILY IN EL PASO. HIS FATHER WAS A JUDGE.
HIS FATHER WAS A JUDGE. HE INHERITED PROPERTY AND
HE INHERITED PROPERTY AND WEALTHY INDEPENDENTLY.
WEALTHY INDEPENDENTLY. HIS WIFE, HER FATHER, WAS KIND
HIS WIFE, HER FATHER, WAS KIND OF A REAL PIONEER IN THE REAL
OF A REAL PIONEER IN THE REAL ESTATE COMMERCIAL BUSINESS.
ESTATE COMMERCIAL BUSINESS. >> DOES THAT MR. TRUMP MAY KNOW
>> DOES THAT MR. TRUMP MAY KNOW MR. O’ROURKE’S FATHER-IN-LAW
MR. O’ROURKE’S FATHER-IN-LAW PRETTY WELL.
PRETTY WELL. >> HIS FATHER-IN-LAW IS A
>> HIS FATHER-IN-LAW IS A REPUBLICAN DONOR FROM YEARS
REPUBLICAN DONOR FROM YEARS PAST.
PAST. IT GOES TO ABOUT MITT ROMNEY AND
IT GOES TO ABOUT MITT ROMNEY AND IT STARTED TO TAIL OFF.
IT STARTED TO TAIL OFF. IT’S AN INTERESTING FAMILY.
IT’S AN INTERESTING FAMILY. >> WHO DO YOU THINK BETO IS THE
>> WHO DO YOU THINK BETO IS THE BIGGEST THREAT TO?
BIGGEST THREAT TO? YOU’VE KNOW THESE GUYS.
YOU’VE KNOW THESE GUYS. YOU’VE SEEN THEM.
YOU’VE SEEN THEM. WHO SHOULD FEAR HIM THE MOST?
WHO SHOULD FEAR HIM THE MOST? >> ANYBODY WHO NEEDS TELEVISION
>> ANYBODY WHO NEEDS TELEVISION COVERAGE TO SURVIVE.
COVERAGE TO SURVIVE. >> THAT’S A CORY BOOKER.
>> THAT’S A CORY BOOKER. >> HE CAN PLAY THE YOUNG BERNIE
>> HE CAN PLAY THE YOUNG BERNIE SORT OF STYLE HERE.
SORT OF STYLE HERE. BERNIE’S PEOPLE ARE MORE
BERNIE’S PEOPLE ARE MORE COMMITTED.
COMMITTED. IF YOU’RE ANYBODY OPERATING AT
IF YOU’RE ANYBODY OPERATING AT LIKE 2 OR 3% IN THE POLLS AND
LIKE 2 OR 3% IN THE POLLS AND YOU’RE NOT A STAR, WHAT ARE YOU
YOU’RE NOT A STAR, WHAT ARE YOU HOLDING ONTO?
HOLDING ONTO? IF YOU’RE ANY OF THOSE YOUNG
IF YOU’RE ANY OF THOSE YOUNG PEOPLE WHO WANT TO SAY I’M AN UP
PEOPLE WHO WANT TO SAY I’M AN UP AND COMING STAR, IS YOUR STAR
AND COMING STAR, IS YOUR STAR THAT BRIGHT.
THAT BRIGHT. >> I HAVE A SEMISIMILAR SEMIPLIS
>> I HAVE A SEMISIMILAR SEMIPLIS VIEW.
VIEW. THE POLLS SABERY BERNIE AND BIDE
THE POLLS SABERY BERNIE AND BIDE ARE THE FRONT RUNNERS.
ARE THE FRONT RUNNERS. BETO IS THE BIDEN.
BETO IS THE BIDEN. >> I THINK THAT’S AN INTERESTING
>> I THINK THAT’S AN INTERESTING THING.
THING. WHAT AMAZES ME IS THE DISPARITY
WHAT AMAZES ME IS THE DISPARITY IN THE POLLING BETWEEN THE TOP
IN THE POLLING BETWEEN THE TOP TWO AND THE REST OF THEM.
TWO AND THE REST OF THEM. I WOULD SAY THIS WON’T HOLD BUT
I WOULD SAY THIS WON’T HOLD BUT I KEEP THINKING BACK TO FOUR
I KEEP THINKING BACK TO FOUR YEARS AGO WITH THE TRUMP AND THE
YEARS AGO WITH THE TRUMP AND THE REPUBLICAN PRIMARY.
REPUBLICAN PRIMARY. >> IF TRUMP IS THE NOMINEE,
>> IF TRUMP IS THE NOMINEE, HE’LL NEVER WIN.
HE’LL NEVER WIN. REPUBLICANS HAVE TOLD ME THAT
REPUBLICANS HAVE TOLD ME THAT FOREVER.
FOREVER. >> SCOTT WALKER IS GOING TO BE
>> SCOTT WALKER IS GOING TO BE THE NOMINEE.
THE NOMINEE. >> I JUST WATCH WHAT I PREDICT
>> I JUST WATCH WHAT I PREDICT THESE DAYS.
THESE DAYS. I DON’T WANT THIS PLAYING IN TWO
I DON’T WANT THIS PLAYING IN TWO YEARS.
YEARS. >> I THINK YOU SHOULD WATCH M.J.
>> I THINK YOU SHOULD WATCH M.J. HE WAS A FUND RAISINGE INGING JU
HE WAS A FUND RAISINGE INGING JU BASED ON A SINGH LLE VIDEO.
BASED ON A SINGH LLE VIDEO. >> DO THEY SHARE TEXAS DOE FLORN
>> DO THEY SHARE TEXAS DOE FLORN >> JULIAN HAS DEEPER ROOTS.
>> JULIAN HAS DEEPER ROOTS. BETO IS LESS RELIANT ON THE DOE
BETO IS LESS RELIANT ON THE DOE DONORS.
DONORS. WHO IS THIS GUY?
WHO IS THIS GUY? HE DIDN’T WANT DEMOCRATIC
HE DIDN’T WANT DEMOCRATIC SUPPORT WHEN HE RAN FOR SENATE.
SUPPORT WHEN HE RAN FOR SENATE. NOW HE HAS TO TRY TO RUN TO BE
NOW HE HAS TO TRY TO RUN TO BE THE FACE OF THE PARTY.
THE FACE OF THE PARTY. >> JULIAN WAS THE STAR THE PARTY
>> JULIAN WAS THE STAR THE PARTY WAS WAITING FOR.
WAS WAITING FOR. >> TEXAS WAS SO BIG.
>> TEXAS WAS SO BIG. HE WAS FROM SAN ANTONIO.
HE WAS FROM SAN ANTONIO. THAT’S ONE MEDIA MARKET OUT OF
THAT’S ONE MEDIA MARKET OUT OF 20 SOMETHING.
20 SOMETHING. >> A SIGNIFICANT MEDIA MARKET.
>> A SIGNIFICANT MEDIA MARKET. >> THE CANDIDATE WITH SUPPORT IS
>> THE CANDIDATE WITH SUPPORT IS NOT EITHER ONE OF THEM.
NOT EITHER ONE OF THEM. KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND.
KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND. >> TEXAS, RELEVANT.